  AMI:- I have created the customized AMI by using Packer tool. Used Ubuntu 16.0 as a base image and installed python, pip,ansible,one user name Ansible and added SSH public key generated by me on top of the base image. After that take the sbapshot of the customized AMI and used the AMI ID in Ansible playbook for AMI image.

       Spin up the EC2 instance in Ansible by witing Ansible playbook.Create a IAM user and used the AWS ACCESS key & AWS secret Key to have the access to the account. Firstly Created the security group to open the specific ports and rules.launce the Ec2 instance with specifing what kind of image, securitygroup,keypair,region etc.After that we have to add the newly created ec2 instance Public IP Address to the hosts,so that when we run the playbook with the specified group it will maintain the state of the machine.waited unil the ssh comesup.


CONFIGURING THE LAUNCED INSTANCE USING ANSIBLE:
              
             To maintain the state of the machine we used ansible and wrote apache2.yml playbook to apply.Updated,installed the apache2 moule on the launced instance.Wrote jinja templates for html to copy to the document root directory.Enabled mod_rewrite and gave aaccess to some ssl modules. configured the servername and created SSL certificates using OPEN_SSL.created SSl certificates are stored in ssl folder.Redirected whatever the request that comes to https using mod_rewrite module.

CONFIGURING ROUTE53 & GODADDY:
       created a account and purchased the DNS name. After the DNS name is purchased have to created a hosted zone in ROUTE53 and added the DNS name to it.Copied the NAMESERVERS address in GODADDY NAMESERVERS list. Then Created a A name records and CNAME records for it.


MAINTAINING HIGH AVAILABILITY AND SCALABILITY:
               
      To maintain high scalability and availability have to create a AMI image of the apach installed webserver and have to scale up and scale down based on the traffic. We can use autoscaling in AWS and can give it how many instances can we spinup maximum based on the traffic. Intially it will launch the machin based pn the details we provided in UTOSCALE launch config. To maintain high availability we used AWS resource called target groups,we have to configure in which availabilty zones we wanna to launch the instance if we get the heavy trafficor cpu utilization is more. To load balance those instances we can use ELB.In our task it is single page request, so we can use classic load balancer.If it is hostanme or path based routing we can use Application load balancer. Once the ELB is setup we have to associat the Loadbalancer to target group. Load Balancer will monitor the health of the instances and route the traffic based on it.  
